
We have:
-->Requisition testing
-->Performance testing.
LINUX
/etc ---> folder where you will find all your configuration files
cd ---> change directory..
vim editor --> it's lack a notepad (an editor) in  linux.
In the vim editor, the following are keys to use to navigate
i - insert

CI/CD PIPELINEs
Manul process:
1. Clone  Repository in the virtual machine. If git is not install, install it.
2. Check whether I have python installed or not in my virtual liuxunderwise I can use yum to install python3.
3. You have to install all the python dependeciis in the requirements file of the application usinf python package manager pip.
Then after installing pip, we can nw try installing python dependencies using pip.
4. After instaling the depedencies.. 
5. Us pythest command to test whether all the cases are working or not.
When a change is being made in the github repositiry.. you will have to pull the changes in the virtual machine. By running 'git pull'
pythest is used only for unit testing.
Then you cana now intergate sonarque to highlight and check for code quality and corretness.


6. Flake8 will check for readability and give more information about  the code

Image having an application that has alot of traaffic and they is need to produce more replica or instances of the server. DOing thsi mnually will consume time.. and also  do that manually is prone to making mistakes, repeating the  same process.

https://teams.live.com/l/community/FEAPq30Qrz-xVT15QM


Containerization:
The requirement for containerizatio is for you to give them ur server details. You are packaging ur application into a bundle. Which has all the requirements used to launch the application
Docker is a tool used for conternization.
A bundle will be created using docker, which can be used for running  the application.

VIRTUALIZATION vs CONTERNIRISATION(OS -level virtualization)

In Virtualization we have ---> Hardware ---> Hyberisor ---> Different appplicatios 

In Coonternirization we have ----> Hardawre ---> Os ---->  Can have multiple OS

Each Containers are  independent, but they are runnning on a sing OS.

In virtualization different OS are created, In conternirrization, multiple applications using one OS.


Image Registry ---> Where all images stored.  Images  reduces configuration tasks for us..
docker ps --- showing all running containers..
docker run it -- it means iteractive terminal
dcoker inspect -- > to ispect docker infos
docker run it -d --> runinng contatainer in detached mode.

Container haas it's own Ip address and file system
ctrl +p +q --> container will still be running and you get out of the container

We have three major things in OS: Hard disk, RAM, CPU, Wheneer a software is being istalled, it is installed in the hard disk. Then the prohram is being loaded on the RAM.. The program will be runnning in the RAM called Process with process id PID
pi -aux | grep httpd
DOCKER ARCHITECTURE
Docker Host --(Hardware, OS )
Docker Deamon -- (it is the main docker engines)





